### Is this official? Can I sell games made with it?
> No, this is a community mod. We aren't affiliated with YoYoGames, PlayTech, Opera etc. We're just a bunch of hobbyists having fun improving our own workflows. As any modification of old software, you are bound to the inability to purchase it, and we exist within such gray area, which means it should be fine only for non-commercial and educational uses. If you're looking to make money, we recommend using the [latest version of GameMaker](https://gamemaker.io).
### My antivirus says 8.2 has Wacatac!ml.
> Antivirus software doesn't like modified, unsigned executables, and additionally our setup engine (NSIS) is typically used for malware distribution. We encourage you to check [our source code](#Source). You're free to ask us in our [Discord](#Links) if you want further clarification.
### Do you support Linux? Old Windows? Etc.
> On Linux, the 8.2 IDE and the games run mostly fine through Wine or especially Proton, with most people reporting little to no issues. As for Windows, 7 and later are actively supported. Compiled games may work as far back as Windows XP depending on which extensions are enabled, but we don't actively offer support for problems with XP or Vista. If you'd like to report a bug, head over to our [GitHub](#Source) or [Discord](#Links).
### Why 8.2? Isn't the last version of legacy Game Maker 8.1? Also why purple?
> Calling this just 'a mod of 8.1' is misleading considering all of the new tools and different development environment. It would also make it hard to find it on the internet, so we decided to go with '8.2' so it wouldn't seem like our version is marketing itself as newer/better than Studio. Originally our modifications were very limited and required maintaining the same filesize down to the byte on the IDE, so a subterfuge for changing icons and images was to simply hueshift them by 180 degrees, hence the purple happened.